is Rico the king
the best brown people who there is
and you can check him for yourself
he likes to walk
you can see the way he stands in the
front really nice head
irate 2820 comes to 1300 kilos and
before we to come out to the cows to the
summary is always out with the cows
Maori half of you who's back
sixty centimeters wide
his hind legs here you see the side
a very compact long tall bow
very well balanced you can have a look
at him from any side he is very
impressive
and if you remember the booth which is
saw in Mexico under video they weigh a
little over thousand kilos and this one
weighs 1,300 under breeding condition we
could easy bring him up much more but we
don't want that we want good semen and
that's what he is producing all the time
he's used worldwide he had
meaning index of 205 days of about 130
compared to the swiss cattle in
switzerland
even now about 30 percent above breed
average
I'm sure Craig who is the one good
eatable would be tired to walk before
Rico
there's also a little fresh this morning
about 17 Celsius below freezing but this
is nothing for Rico because he stayed
alive when the temperature went down to
53 in leduc where he grew up
he represent our breathe very well leaf
and milk don't forget in his background
he has the cow anciano who twice him to
just about 10,000 kilos with twins
Craig looks very small but he is not
that small rico has a height of one
hundred fifty six and a half centimeter
it's just us click how tall he is and he
said is 510